Vito Bertucci Auburn Hills, MI | Phone: 248-875-3411 | vito.rob.bertucci@gmail.com  
github.com/vitobertucci | linkedin.com/in/vitorobbertucci/  
 
OVERVIEW   
I am a driven Computer Science major eager to enhance my technical skills and embark on a rewarding career in 
the IT field. My diverse experience includes successful team management, proficient data management and analysis, 
and the development and implementation of custom software solutions. I thrive on solving intriguing and complex 
problems and maintain a positive attitude in all my endeavors.  
Currently, I am seeking my first step into technology field, where I can apply my skills to solve day-to-day 
operational challenges for organizations. I'm passionate about technology and system development, from robotics 
and web development to backend, cybersecurity, and information systems—if it involves building and innovating, I'm 
interested. 
  PROJECTS   
Custom Item Tags - Python 
● Developed a Python program to create custom item tags using SKU numbers, prices, and item names. 
● Significantly improved inventory and payment processing efficiency by utilizing zebra bar codes. 
● Seamlessly integrated with existing stock management systems, enhancing the customer experience by 
enabling easy access to item prices. 
League Revenue and Budget Tracking Spreadsheet - Microsoft Excel 
● Created a custom Excel spreadsheet to track league payments, including payment dates and amounts. 
● Utilized data to update total revenue and analyze budget allocations for each league. 
● Implemented advanced formulas and conditional formatting to automate calculations and highlight payment 
discrepancies. 
  SKILLS  
● Technical: Java, C++, C, SQL, HTML5, CSS 
● Soft Skills: Team leadership, effective communication, problem solving, collaboration, creativity, curiosity 
● Languages: Conversational Spanish (4 years) 
● Tools: Microsoft Office Suite, Google Suite 
  EDUCATION  
OAKLAND UNIVERSITY - Auburn Hills (January 2022 - Present)  
Bachelor of Computer Science  
● Cumulative GPA: 3.50 
OAKLAND COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Auburn Hills (September 2020 - December 2021)  
Bachelor of Computer Science 
● Completed Classes for transfer to Oakland University 
● Cumulative GPA: 3.66 
  EXPERIENCE   
AllPlay Construction (July 2023 - Present) 
Shift Lead ● Ensured precision in playground assembly and site preparation emphasizing safety and detail. 
● Understood and communicated job site scopes  to the crew, ensuring site expectations. 
● Understand product assembly without installs in front of me, in order to better catch mistakes or possible 
problems as well as act as a resource to the rest of the crew. 
● Ensure all products are installed correctly, everything follows CPSI Safety codes, all wear and damage is fixed, 
and ensure all customer requirements are fulfilled. 
Captain’s Club at Woodfield (March 2021 - September 2022) 
Pro Shop Manager/League Coordinator  
● Analyzed and optimized league schedules, ensuring a consistent pace of play each week, leading to increased 
player satisfaction and retention, positively impacting post-league revenue in the restaurant. 
● Collected and analyzed data from team members during league play to improve course operations. 
● Created a custom Python program to simplify inventory management - utilized barcode generations from item 
SKU numbers, and formatted them for printing onto items, streamlining  inventory tracking and transaction 
speed. 